Add content about installing project on IPv6 (#254)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_limitations-of-installation-in-an-ipv6-network.adoc

[id="limitations-of-installation-in-an-ipv6-network_{context}"]
= Limitations of {Project} Installation in an IPv6 Network 

{Project} installation in an IPv6 network has the following limitations:

> * DHCP server in {RHEL} (ISC DHCP) does not provide an integration API for managing IPv6 records, therefore {SmartProxy} DHCP plug-in that provides DHCP management is limited to IPv4 subnets. In this scenario, DHCP IPv6 must be deployed as a separate unmanaged service to bootstrap client nodes into grub2, which then configures IPv6 networking either using DHCPv6 or via static IPv6 address.

Reviewer: that provides management of ISC DHCP

is probably better because we also ship Infoblox DHCP and that one could work (we haven't tested actually).

Author: Where shall I put your suggestion @lzap ?

> * DHCP server in {RHEL} (ISC DHCP) does not provide an integration API for managing IPv6 records, therefore {SmartProxy} DHCP plug-in that provides DHCP management of IPv6 subnets does not exist. In this scenario, DHCP IPv6 must be deployed as a separate unmanaged service to boostrap client nodes into grub2, which then configures IPv6 networking either using DHCPv6 or via static IPv6 address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* DHCP server in {RHEL} (ISC DHCP) does not provide an integration API for managing IPv6 records, therefore {SmartProxy}'s DHCP plug-in that provides DHCP management is limited to IPv4. In this scenario, DHCP IPv6 must be deployed as a separate unmanaged service to bootstrap client nodes into grub2, which then configures IPv6 networking either using DHCPv6 or via static IPv6 address.
```

> * Although provisioning templates which ship with {Project} include IPv6 support for PXE and HTTP (iPXE) scenarios, the only tested and certified workflow is UEFI HTTP Boot.

Reviewer: This is limitation for provisioning, not for generic use on IPv6. You can still install and use project on IPv6 without provisioning just fine - e.g. syncing content, calling remote execution jobs etc.

{Project} installation in an IPv6 network has the following limitations:

> * You can install {Project} and {SmartProxies} in IPv6-only systems, dual-stack installation not supported.

Reviewer: I'd prefer "untested, known to work" or similar. But I am fine.

Reviewer 3: "dual-stack installation _is_ not supported."

Author: Thanks Suyog, fixed this, please merge
